docs(kraft): kraft-based upgrade and downgrade instructions (#9435)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/upgrading/assembly-upgrade-zookeeper.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-upgrade.adoc

[id='assembly-upgrade-zookeeper-{context}']
= Upgrading Kafka when using ZooKeeper

[role="_abstract"]

> If you are using ZooKeeper for cluster management, a kafka upgrade requires an update to the Kafka version and the inter-broker protocol version.

Reviewer: Maybe this would sound better? I think `using ZooKeeper for cluster management` might be a bit confusing for some.

```suggestion
If you are using ZooKeeper-based cluster, a Kafka upgrade requires an update to the Kafka version and the inter-broker protocol version.
```
